Who are you?
aunt
You don't know your father so soon, are you going to be that daughter and leave as a police officer?
I really don't even know your biological parents anymore
No need for a housekeeper
You weren't sisters either
You are Sister Qin's tooth print
Sister Qin's parents don't have much sincerity for you either
You are my biological father
What about my mother? This girl doesn't know her mother is dead
Could it be that
Yes
Mom is waiting for you at home
Come on. Follow me home.
And so forth.
If you were my biological father
Then how did I become the adopted daughter of the invited family?
You abandoned me.
That's a long story.
It's all your mother's business
You go home with me and ask your mother
Oh.
You have a red mole on your shoulder.
I'm not your father
How could I know?
You really are my dad
Tell me about it.
Come on. Go home.
If I keep Meng Meng here
Go to the chicken house and ask for money
Is it better to be bitten?
And that's how you managed your childhood.
Do you remember anything?
There is indeed a familiar feeling
Ah go
I'll take you to see the place where you loved to play hide and seek since you were a child. Go ahead